### 2. Value Capture and Upgrade System

Each NFT can be seen as an agent (agent), with ID from 1 to 10000, can be used in the promotion of user's referral link, to replace the traditional Web2 side of the user Ref = UserID part. 



For those users who join system via the NFT referral link, 10% of their profits will be directly returned to the NFT holder's address in the form of on-chain USDC, while the traditional Web2 end of the commission rate is only 5%. 



Each NFT has four levels, and its referral commission rates are as follows. 

* White (Common) - 10% on a single tier.

* Blue (Rare) - 15% on a single tier.

* Purple (Epic) - 15% on tier 1 and 10% on tier 2.

* Orange (Legendary) - 20% on tier 1 and 15% on tier 2 .

  

Users can use equity tokens to upgrade NFT to the next level, till Orange. NFTs of different colours are directly distinguished by their corresponding colour borders.



In addition to the different value of NFTs due to their style and rarity, the level of NFTs and historical referral commission data are also stored in the MetaData of NFTs, making each NFT having its unique value in the trading market.



For NFTs that do not receive any direct referral promotion, the system will periodically pick some new players from Events and randomly assign them to some of the above NFTs, directly enabling the cash flow capture value of these NFTs, stimulating the NFT Market's market trade and making the purchase or Mint of NFT containing "blind box" element.



At the end, each NFT holder who associated their Web2 account are treated as VIP customer, they will receive "Airdrop Giftpack" from time to time, which contains free gaming chips, privilliege access right to certain event, and many other in game benifits.

