### 2. Token Allocation

The token distribution mechanism is as follows.

* 5% - Initial Community + NFT Airdrop - Immediate release.
* 15% - Team - locked for 6 months, then linearly unlocked for 12 months.
* 35% - Subsequent Community Airdrop.
* 7.5% - LBA (Liquidity Bootstrap Auction).
* 12.5% - Liquidity Mining.
* 5% - Governance & Event Rewards.
* 25% - Tresury - Usage determined by governance. 



Potential considerations for community airdrop selection criteria (the team reserves the right of final interpretation) 

Fantasy Points high scorers

Got an Web3 ETH/Polygon addresses

Those who remain actively logged in

...



**Airdrop + LBA + Liquidity Mining**

**Phase 1: Community + NFT airdrop**

High valuable community users and NFT holders will receive equity tokens airdrop, 5% circulation airdrop will be the only tokens circulating in the market in this phase. 



**Phase 2: LBA - FANTASY/USDC Liquidity Boot Auction**

For a period of 7 days, users can choose to top up FANTASY or USDC on one side, the final ratio of FANTASY to USDC determines the final price of FANTASY. 

Users can freely deposit FANTASY and USDC within the 7 days period of time. At the end of the boot auction, all committed tokens (FANTASY and USDC) will be used to initialize the FATANSY-USDC liquidity pool on Uniswap with a 90-day lock-in period. Participating users will receive a 7.5% LBA share of the $FANTASY tokens, half to users who deposit FANTASY and half to users who deposit USDC, distributed linearly over 30 days. Users can opt out after the 90-day lock-up period in the form of LPs instead of the unilateral assets deposited at that time



**Phase 3: Liquidity Mining**

After the 90-day lock-in period of LBA ends, the FATANSY-USDC liquidity pool will start liquidity incentives for one year, and a total of 12.5% of the tokens will be awarded to LPs through this form.
